hi in this video I will be showing how
you can generate animations with the
pixel
lab so first off we open the animation
tool and we select a reference image in
this case uh the first frame in the
animation then we have a character
description that fits our generation and
then um make sure we have a view and
Direction correctly
and then we click
generate uh don't be afraid of retrying
if you are not happy with the results
sometimes it does better sometimes it's
it yeah it doesn't go that
well so what I like to do is I keep the
frames that I do like and remove any
frames that I I'm not that happy
with in this case
I'm just going to touch up the frames a
bit before generating
more so once I'm happy with all the
corrections it's time to generate in
this case I will use the three frames I
generated previously as uh guidance for
the model so it will generate one more
frame for me uh this is very useful for
extending
animations uh because the model can see
the previous frames and kind of get an
idea of what's happening and then can
generate the next frame in the
animation um it can be a bit hard to
know if it's better to uh edit yourself
or use the models for uh fixing things
up I think it depends a bit on how
comfortable you are as an artist person
personally I
might uh edit too much by hand and
sometimes it will be better for me to
just use the model so it can be a bit
hard to get a good feeling for when you
should uh generate more or if you should
just do it by hand but there are like in
painting and stuff that you could use if
there are just certain parts you want to
edit and improve so you can always try
that out and see see if it works or
not now I'm just going to do some
touchups and move the frames around a
bit because I think there looks better
in a different order and I'm done with
my walking
animation all right now it's time to uh
create some attack animations so what
I'm trying out here is that I am
generating the U the movement of the
character separately from the um the
special effects so first I want to make
like a throwing animation and then I
will be using in it image and in
painting to add my Fireball
afterwards so here
very similar to what I did with uh the
walking
animation I'm going to first generate
the
uh pretty good like base
movement so something I like to
recommend
is if you for example generated a walk
animation and the legs are pretty nice
so in this case like ah the the feet
aren't perfect so what I'm going to do
is I will reuse the uh the defeat from
the Walking animation and just copy
paste them over to the uh throwing
animation to make it look a little bit
better just to clean it up a bit and
then I'm just going to move that hand
that it's slightly out of out of place
because I think it should be further
forward
instead now because I'm not the greatest
artist in the world
I'm just going to take some time here
and uh make sure everything looks all
right all right it's time to uh create
the fireball so first I'm just going to
in paint a bit where the uh Fireball is
going to be then I will add a uh yellow
color underneath the in painting just to
uh give the model an idea of what I want
the uh or where I want the fireball to
be so because I'm using in painting the
model can only edit where the where I
have in painted so uh there's no no
danger for it for it to edit the actual
character and just the uh the fireball
itself
want to make sure that your uh your
position is correct with the frames you
can see in the UI where the uh
characters are so it matches
up now with all the generations uh done
I'm just going to quickly copy paste
from uh previous generations to fix any
artifacts that the model created and
just make the animation look a lot
cleaner uh for my second
animation I will do it pretty much the
same way I'm going to start off this
time uh creating the special
effects so like a flame wave I'm
thinking and then afterwards I will uh
generate the the movement for the
animation uh you don't have to do it
this way I just find it to be uh pretty
good uh you can also just try to
generate the whole attack animation at
once this gives a bit more control
though which is
good uh something that's good to
remember when you're in painting in
paint in the in painting
layer uh and
um for like
description uh when you're doing special
effects I highly recommend adding attack
to the animation because the model would
then know from
uh I guess the training data that uh
attack usually has uh special
effects now for the character movement
I'm just going to generate a uh punching
animation uh so here I kind of only like
two of the frames the final one and the
first one so what I will do here is I
will remove the frame in between and add
empty frames and then I will uh
interpolate between the first and the
last
frame to uh see if I can get some uh
continuous movement between these
frames when doing this it's good to play
around a bit in the advanced settings
where you can find uh number of
frames and personally then I would
recommend increasing that this will help
the model
know that it shouldn't start cycling
back and instead create uh frames in
between thank you for watching Remember
to subscribe if you haven't so you don't
miss any future videos feel free to
comment if you have any questions uh for
my next video I will do one on our new
map Tile tool which would be quite
exciting because it's quite a lot better
so hopefully we'll get some really cool
results but yeah I will see you next
time